>> James: OKAY.
NOW, HERE WE HAVE A WHEEL OF ALL
THE FOOD YOU MAY HAVE TO EAT.
WE HAVE THE BULL PENIS, THE DUCK
TONGUE, THE SPAGHETTI, KEVIN,
WHICH ONE WOULD YOU LEAST LIKE
TO EAT.
>> THE BIRD SALIVA.
>> James: REALLY?
I HAD YOU DOWN AS A BIRD SALIVA
GUY.
>> IT JUST SEEMS UNNECESSARY
NOW, USUALLY, THE WAY  THIS
WORKS IS THAT YOU EITHER ANSWER
THE QUESTION, OR EAT THE FOOD IN
FRONT OF YOU.
HOWEVER, IN THE SPIRIT OF
BROTHERLY LOVE, WE'RE CHANGING
IT UP A BIT.
IF ANY OF YOU DOESN'T ANSWER
THE QUESTION YOU'RE GIVEN, ALL
THREE OF YOU WILL HAVE TO EAT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> WE'RE GOING TO EAT EVERYTHING
ON THAT WHEEL NOW.
>> James: YOU MIGHT NOT WANT
TO WHEN YOU SEE IT.
I FEAR THE BAND MAY BREAK UP
AGAIN BEFORE IT'S STARTED.
WE'LL START WITH YOU, KEVIN.
LET'S HAVE A LOOK.
OH!
BEETLE MARMALADE TOAST.
OOOH!
THERE IS THE BEETLE MARMALADE
TOAST RIGHT THERE.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
>> LITERALLY JUST, LIKE, INSTANT
PASS OUT IN FRONT OF THOSE.
>> James: I THINK IT LOOKS
RATHER GOOD.
THIS QUESTION IS FOR YOU, KEVIN.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> James: KEVIN.
YEAH.
JAMES.
>> James: IF YOU HAD TO BUY A
NICK JONAS ALBUM OR A DNCE
ALBUM, WHICH ONE WOULD YOU BUY?
( LAUGHTER )
>> AWKWARD.
>> DO YOU WANT US TO STAY
TOGETHER?
>> James: WELL, YOU DON'T HAVE
TO ANSWER.
YOU COULD ALWAYS TUCK INTO THESE
DELICIOUS LITTLE BEETLES.
>> DO I HAVE TO EAT THE WHOLE
THING?
>> James: NO, JUST ALL FOUR
BEETLES.
>> I ACTUALLY FEEL LIKE I CAN
ANSWER IT.
>> James: REALLY?
GO ON.
CHEERING CHEERING.
>> CAREFUL.
I'M STAYING WITH YOU NICK BUT
I WOULD CHOOSE DNCE.
>> James: YOU WOULD CHOOSE A
DNCE ALBUM, NICE ANSWER.
SO YOU CAN PUT THESE DISHES DOWN
THERE AND WE'LL MOVE ON.
>> I SAVED YOU, GUYS.
WE'LL TALK LATER, KEV.
>> James: NICK, LET'S FIND OUT
WHAT YOU WILL BE TUCKING INTO.
>> CAN'T WAIT.
I BET IT'S THE PENIS.
>> James: IT IS THE BIRD
SALIVA!
HERE WE GO, KEVIN, NYUM, NYUM,
NYUM, NYUM, NYUM!
NOW THE TRICK IS TO SMELL IT
BEFORE YOU EATT IT.
ADJUST YOUR PALLET.
HAVE A SMELL.
>> THAT SMELLS LIKE WET DOG.
>> James: OKAY.
JOEY SEEMS ALL RIGHT.
( LAUGHTER )
OKAY.
NICK.
>> YES.
>> James: NAME THE MOST FAMOUS
PERSON THAT'S HIT ON YOU.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
>> I LOVE IT.
OH, MAN.
>> James: TAKE YOUR TIME.
TOUGH.
YOU KNOW, I'M BATTLING ANSWERING
THIS QUESTION AND KEVIN SAID
THIS IS THE THING HE WAS LEAST
EXCITED TO HAVE TO EAT AND HE
SAID DNCE OVER MY ALBUM, SO IN
THE SPIRIT OF --
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( LAUGHTER )
( COUGHING )
>> James: YOU ALL RIGHT,
JONAH?
>> NO CHASER?
OH, MY GOSH.
STAYS WITH YOU.
>> James: OKAY, YOU CAN PUT
THAT DOWN.
LET'S MOVE ON TO JOE.
>> HOW DO YOU GET THAT?
>> James: REGGIE CATCHES A
BIRD AND SPENDS ALL NIGHT JUST
GETTING THE BIRD JUST -- SQUEAK,
SQUEAK -- I HAVE NO IDEA.
OKAY, JOE, HERE IS YOUR
QUESTION.
LET'S FIND OUT WHAT YOU WILL BE
EATING.
>> OH, BOY.
>> James: OH!
THE THREE CHILI PEPPER SMOOTHIE.
>> MY NICKNAME IN HIGH SCHOOL.
( LAUGHTER )
>> James: THIS IS JUST HERE.
NOW, I SHOULD TELL YOU THAT THIS
IS, BY ALL ACCOUNTS, PRETTY
SPICEY.
>> OH, BOY.
I DON'T DO WELL WITH SPICE OVER
HERE.
>> James: WELL, WE'LL FIND
OUT, JOE.
JOE, RANK THESE BOY BANDS FROM
BEST TO WORST.
( LAUGHTER )
I'M SORRY.
WHAT WAS THAT REACTION?
( GASPS )
>> YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WHO THEY
ARE YET.
>> James: BACKSTREET BOYS,
'N SYNC, ONE DIRECTION AND
B.T.S.
>> OH, WOW.
YOU WANT THE ENTIRE WORLD TO
HATE ME, HUH?
>> James: WELL, NOT ALL, OR
JUST DRINK, DRINK, DRINK, IT'S
UP TO YOU.
>> IT'S PROBABLY NOT THAT
SPICEY, YOU WILL BE FINE.
>> James: I MEAN, YOU HAVE
JUST COME BACK AND THIS IS A LOT
OF YOUR FAN BASE, I JUST DON'T
WANT YOU -- YOU'VE GOT TO
THINK -- NO WAY.
NOT TOO MUCH!
JOE, NOT TOO MUCH!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( COUGHING )
>> THAT IS VERY HOT.
I'VE GOT TO SAY, I DON'T MIND
IT.
IT'S KIND OF NICE.
>> James: YOU COULD CHOKE!
JOE, ARE YOU OKAY?
>> IT'S ACTUALLY -- WHOO --
>> James: WOULD YOU LIKE TO
GET A GLASS?
>> MILK WOULD BE GOOD OR BREAD.
HE'S BURNING UP.
( APPLAUSE )
>> James: KEVIN TOOK TWO.
I'M GOOD.
MY BROTHER NEEDS THE MILK.
>> YEAH, THANK YOU.
>> James: OKAY, KEVIN, WE'RE
BACK TO YOU.
LET'S FIND OUT WHERE WE'RE
GOING.
>> OH!
>> James: WE HAVE GOT THE COW
BLOOD AND PORK TONGUE JELLY.
SO THAT LOOKS LIKE THIS, AND YOU
WILL NEED TO USE YOUR KNIFE AND
FORK.
SO WHAT IT IS, IF YOU LOOK
CLOSELY AT IT, TO EXPLAIN WHAT
IT IS JUST IN CASE THE NAME
DOESN'T GIVE IT AWAY, WHAT THIS
IS IS A COW'S BLOOD AND PORK
TONGUE JELLY.
>> OKAY.
YUM.
>> James: NOT GOOD FOR THE
N.J.?
>> NO.
>> James: KEVIN, YOU ARE THE
ONLY MEMBER OF THE BAND WHO IS A
FATHER.
WHO DO YOU THINK WOULD MAKE A
BETTER FATHER, JOE OR NICK?
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> WOW.
REALLY?
JUST BE HONEST.
>> JUST BE HONEST, KEVIN, IT'S
FINE.
>> I CAN'T, LIKE --
T'S FINE.
JUST THINK WHO'S A BETTER UNCLE.
COME ON.
>> EAT UP, BOYS.
>> James: NO WAY.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> IT'S CHEWY.
UH-HUH.
>> James: WANT TO WASH IT DOWN
WITH THE THREE PEPPER CHILI
SMOOTHIE?
>> I THINK I'LL GO WITH TWO
MILK.
I'M STILL CHEWING.
>> James: HOW YOU DOING, NICK,
YOU OKAY?
>> STILL GOOD.
>> James: HERE WE GO, NICK.
LET'S SEE WHAT WE'RE EATING.
OOOH!
>> I KNEW IT WOULD BE A PENIS.
>> James: THIS IS OUR OLD
FAVORITE, THE OLD BULL'S PENIS.
THERE IT IS.
>> OF COURSE.
>> James: THERE IT IS.
IS IT ALREADY SLICED OR --
>> James: IT'S A SLICED BULL'S
PENIS AND I CAN TELL YOU THAT
THIS BULL WAS WEARING ITS PURITY
RING WHEN WE REMOVED HIS PENIS.
ALL RIGHT, NICK, YOU WERE IN THE
MOVIE JU MANAGEY AND ARE ABOUT
TO START SHOOTING JUMANGI2.
STARRING IN THE FILM IN JUMANGI
WAS JACK BLACK, KEVIN HART,
KAREN GUILLEN AND THE ROCK.
RANK THOSE CO-STARS FROM LEAST
TO MOST LIKABLE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
JUST TAKE YOUR TIME.
JUST START WITH THE LEAST.
WHO'S THE LEAST?
>> YOU SEE, THE THING ABOUT THIS
QUESTION --
>> James: YEP.
-- IS THAT THEY ALL CONTROL
WHETHER I'M IN THE MOVIE OR NOT.
AND SPECIFICALLY, DWAYNE
JOHNSON.
>> James: OKAY, SO HE'S MOST
LIKABLE.
( LAUGHTER )
SO WHO'S --
>> HE'S THE BIGGEST.
>> James: YEP.
WITH THE MOST MUSCLES.
>> James: SURE.
SO, LIKE I SAY, HE'S MOST
LIKABLE.
YOU'VE NOW JUST GOT TO RANK THE
OTHER THREE.
>> SO THEN IT'S KAREN.
KAREN,.
>> James: SHE'S SECOND.
BECAUSE SHE'S SO KIND AND
FUNNY.
>> James: I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE HE'S DOING
THIS RIGHT NOW.
>> James: YOU ARE ABOUT TO SEE
THEM NEXT WEEK!
>> AND THEN JACK IS SO --
WOW.
-- JACK IS SO FUNNY AND
CHARISMATIC AND --
>> YOUR CHACT JUST DEFINITELY
GOT KILLED OFF THE MOVIE.
>> I LOVE YOU, KEVIN.
I'M SORRY.
>> James: OH, MY GOSH!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> SORRY.
SORRY.
I CAN'T WAIT TILL THEY RECAST ME
WITH HARRY STILES.
( LAUGHTER )
>> James: SO HERE WE GO WITH
THAT BOMBSHELL.
SO WE CAN PUT THE BULL'S PENIS
DOWN, GUYS.
JAY, YOUR TURN.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
OOOH!
WORM SPAGHETTI.
>> WOW.
>> James: SO LET'S FIND THIS.
OKAY.
>> OKAY.
>> James: SO HERE -- OH, MY
GOSH.
>> OH, LORD!
>> James: I LOVE THAT WE PUT
SOME BASIL ON THERE.
>> YEAH.
>> James: TO MAKE IT SLIGHTLY
MORE APPETIZING.
THESE ARE WORMS IN A BEAUTIFUL
MARINARA SAUCE, BIT OF BASIL.
JOE.
>> YES.
>> James: YOU AND YOUR
BROTHERS ALL GO ON VACATION
TOGETHER OFTEN.
IF YOU HAD TO GO ON VACATION
WITH EITHER ONLY NICK AND PIAN
CAY OR KEVIN AND DANIELLE, WHO
WOULD YOU RATHER GO WITH?
>> WOW.
OH, LORD.
OH, MAN.
NOW YOU INVOLVE THE WIVES, MAKES
EVERYTHING EVEN MORE AWKWARD.
>> James: YOU ARE GOING TO
HAVE TO ANSWER IT.
THERE'S A LOVELY BOWL OF WORM
SPAGHETTI THERE WITH YOUR NAME
ALL OVER IT.
>> I CAN SEE THAT.
I WOULD GO WITH -- SORRY, I'LL
GO WITH NICK AND PRYB JUST
BECAUSE --
>> HE'S GOING TO ANSWER THIS
QUESTION!
>> -- BECAUSE IF THEY'RE PAYING,
IT'S GOING TO BE AMAZING.
( APPLAUSE )
>
>> JAMES: THAT WAS "SPILL
YOUR GUTS OR FILL YOUR GUTS!"
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH ISLA
FISHER AND CHIWETEL EIJIOFOR!